Use non-deprecated property for ping interval (#6105)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/system-administration/monitoring.adoc

:toc: left
endif::[]

> == Monitoring Jenkins

Reviewer: The build fails with the message:

> [2023-03-03T08:48:57.570Z] WARNING: Missing title for /doc/book/system-administration/monitoring/index.html

The file needs a level 1 heading to provide the title of the page.
```suggestion
= Monitoring Jenkins
```

Sometimes, for example https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Remoting+issue[to diagnose the agent connection loss
problem], you may want to disable the ping thread.  This needs to be done in two places.

> Disable the controller from pinging agents, the system property `+hudson.slaves.ChannelPinger.pingIntervalSeconds+` should
> be set on the controller JVM to -1.

Reviewer: Minor phrasing change
```suggestion
Disable the controller from pinging agents by setting the system property `+hudson.slaves.ChannelPinger.pingIntervalSeconds+` on the controller to -1.
```

Sometimes, for example https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Remoting+issue[to diagnose the agent connection loss
problem], you may want to disable the ping thread.  This needs to be done in two places.

> Disable the controller from pinging agents by `+hudson.slaves.ChannelPinger.pingIntervalSeconds+` on the controller JVM to -1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disable the controller from pinging agents by setting `+hudson.slaves.ChannelPinger.pingIntervalSeconds+` on the controller JVM to -1.
```
added word for readability

> You can also change the value in memory for a running Jenkins, if you don't want to restart Jenkins. Set pingIntervalSeconds and pingTimeoutSeconds on the controller JVM to -1:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also change the value of memory for a running Jenkins, if you don't want to restart Jenkins.
Set `pingIntervalSeconds` and `pingTimeoutSeconds on the controller` JVM to -1:
```
small suggestion to change in to of (disregard if this changes the messaging)
suggestion to format values/strings
